README.md, before:

# Hi, I’m Terry Watts 👋

**Strategic Data Engineering Leader | Lifelong Learner**

I lead data platforms at Salesforce/Heroku and believe in learning in public — sharing what I build and what I learn so others can grow too. My current technical curiosities include Postgres performance, streaming systems, cost-aware cloud design, and applied LLM workflows.

## 🚀 What I’m Learning Today

- Advanced PostgreSQL: query planning, indexing, partitioning, pgvector  
- Streaming & real-time processing with Kafka / Redpanda + Apache Flink  
- Production LLM use: vector search, RAG pipelines, model serving  
- Observability & performance: tracing, metrics, tuning at scale  

## 🛠️ Projects I'm Building

- **postgres-perf-lab** – Labs to compare index/partition strategies, query plans, reproducible benchmarks  
- **streaming-pipeline-demo** – End-to-end ingestion + Flink transforms + Postgres as serving store  
- **rag-postgres** – Embeddings stored in Postgres pgvector + simple retrieval API  
- **data-platform-capstone** – Full reference system: infra, CI/CD, dashboards, docs  
- **llm-engineering-portfolio** – Production-level enhancements from my LLM coursework  
- **til** – Short daily notes: learnings, code snippets, reflections  

*Publishing improvements often. Star/watch the projects if they look helpful.*

## 💡 How I Work

- Clarity first: thorough design docs, diagrams, tests  
- Reliability + cost-awareness: when scale meets practicality  
- Simplicity that scales: incremental, maintainable solutions  
- Share knowledge: reviews, documentation, public notes  
- Impact via measurable outcomes  

## 🛠️ Technologies I Use & Explore

<p>
  <!-- Relational / Analytics DBs -->
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MySQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Oracle" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?logo=oracle&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SQL Server" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-Server-CC2927?logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- NoSQL / Document / Key-Value DBs -->
  <img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-13aa52?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge" />
  <img alt="DynamoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon-DynamoDB-4053D6?logo=amazondynamodb&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Vector / Modern DB Features -->
  <img alt="pgvector" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pgvector-PostgreSQL-009900?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Cloud / Platforms -->
  <img alt="AWS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Azure" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft-Azure-0078D4?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Google Cloud (learning)" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Cloud-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Language / Scripting / Data Science -->
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" />
  <img alt="JupyterLab" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-Lab-F37626?logo=jupyter&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Google Colab" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Colab-DD0031?logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- AI / Model / LLM Tools -->
  <img alt="Hugging Face" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HuggingFace-FF6E28?logo=huggingface&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="OpenAI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-000000?logo=openai&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Orchestration / Infra -->
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Kubernetes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Terraform" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-623CE4?logo=terraform&logoColor=white" />
</p>


## 📫 Let’s Connect

- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/terry-watts-0075571/  
- Email: watts.tee@gmail.com  
- Location: Kansas City Metro Area

Commit message:

Update README with autonomous agents section
Added information about autonomous agents and best practices.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I’m Terry Watts 👋

**Strategic Data Engineering Leader | Lifelong Learner**

I lead data platforms at Salesforce/Heroku and believe in learning in public — sharing what I build and what I learn so others can grow too. My current technical curiosities include Postgres performance, streaming systems, cost-aware cloud design, and applied LLM workflows.

## 🚀 What I’m Learning Today

- Advanced PostgreSQL: query planning, indexing, partitioning, pgvector  
- Streaming & real-time processing with Kafka / Redpanda + Apache Flink  
- Production LLM use: vector search, RAG pipelines, model serving  
- Observability & performance: tracing, metrics, tuning at scale
- Autonomous agents: designing and deploying with AI agents and best practices for agent lifecycle & prompt grounding


## 🛠️ Projects I'm Building

- **postgres-perf-lab** – Labs to compare index/partition strategies, query plans, reproducible benchmarks  
- **streaming-pipeline-demo** – End-to-end ingestion + Flink transforms + Postgres as serving store  
- **rag-postgres** – Embeddings stored in Postgres pgvector + simple retrieval API  
- **data-platform-capstone** – Full reference system: infra, CI/CD, dashboards, docs  
- **llm-engineering-portfolio** – Production-level enhancements from my LLM coursework  
- **til** – Short daily notes: learnings, code snippets, reflections  

*Publishing improvements often. Star/watch the projects if they look helpful.*

## 💡 How I Work

- Clarity first: thorough design docs, diagrams, tests  
- Reliability + cost-awareness: when scale meets practicality  
- Simplicity that scales: incremental, maintainable solutions  
- Share knowledge: reviews, documentation, public notes  
- Impact via measurable outcomes  

## 🛠️ Technologies I Use & Explore

<p>
  <!-- Relational / Analytics DBs -->
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MySQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Oracle" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?logo=oracle&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SQL Server" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-Server-CC2927?logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- NoSQL / Document / Key-Value DBs -->
  <img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-13aa52?logo=mongodb&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge" />
  <img alt="DynamoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon-DynamoDB-4053D6?logo=amazondynamodb&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Vector / Modern DB Features -->
  <img alt="pgvector" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pgvector-PostgreSQL-009900?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Cloud / Platforms -->
  <img alt="AWS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Azure" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft-Azure-0078D4?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Google Cloud (learning)" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Cloud-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Language / Scripting / Data Science -->
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" />
  <img alt="JupyterLab" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-Lab-F37626?logo=jupyter&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Google Colab" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Colab-DD0031?logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- AI / Model / LLM Tools -->
  <img alt="Hugging Face" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HuggingFace-FF6E28?logo=huggingface&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="OpenAI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-000000?logo=openai&logoColor=white" />

  <!-- Orchestration / Infra -->
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Kubernetes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Terraform" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-623CE4?logo=terraform&logoColor=white" />
</p>


## 📫 Let’s Connect

- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/terry-watts-0075571/  
- Email: watts.tee@gmail.com  
- Location: Kansas City Metro Area
